A couple of weeks ago, I was perusing the
Reverb dot com app and I was specifically looking at the section called just listed.
If you're not familiar with this part of Reverb,
it is a place where the new listings are things that have just been placed up for sale.
And I find that it's a good place to find deals.
You can find something for a really good price that maybe someone just
put up moments ago and you can snag it before somebody else does.
Now, something here called My Eye. It was a Gold Klon
Centaur
just listed for $1100.
Now, if you know anything about Klons,
this is an incredible deal typically right now, those are going for,
I believe around 6 to $7000 and
even upwards, I think of eight and $9000 that you can see them listed for sale.
So this was a ridiculous deal and I thought man, I might need to jump on this.
I took a quick look at the pictures, everything looked
and I even noticed that it was a low serial number number 33.
All the pictures were decent quality.
The seller had five stars and I thought, well, it's through reverb.
I'm gonna pay through paypal. So I'm kind of doubly protected there. Why not?
Let's see where this goes after I purchased it and paid for it.
I sent the seller a message.
I said this, hey,
I just wanted to establish contact early since you don't have much feedback.
Any additional history or info on this. Any idea when you will be able to ship?
Thanks. I knew that this could potentially be a scam.
So I wanted to go ahead and message the seller early on just in case maybe it
wasn't and they were just in a bind or didn't really know the value of this pedal.
I'd hoped that I would hear back from the seller immediately and they would say,
yeah, here's some more info.
I'll be shipping this out tomorrow.
But of course, I didn't hear anything back immediately.
So I started researching it.
If you remember earlier, I said that this was number 33.
And so I searched number 33 Gold Klon
and I actually found that this exact pedal had been sold late
in the year of 2021 for almost $7000 if I remember correctly.
And that kind of told me that whoever has this pedal in
real life probably knows that it's worth a little more than $1100.
So
I immediately knew at that point this is probably a scam.
A quick aside here guys,
I'm editing this video and I went to go grab a screen capture of
that old ad and I found something I didn't find the first time around.
And that is a current listing on a reverb from
a very trusted seller in New Jersey for the gold coin
number 33
the seller has tons of feedback and seems super legitimate.
Now,
the funny thing is that the pictures in that listing are the same exact pictures
that the scammer used in his listing of the one I tried to buy.
That means he went on reverb pulled these pictures from one
listing and created a brand new listing to scam people.
All right, let's get back to the main video
at this point.
I also knew that it was probably going to take me a little while to get a refund.
So I started that process. I requested a refund from
the seller on Reverb and even tried to contact them saying, hey, if you're legit,
then reach out to me.
I'd love to complete this, but it seems like you might be a scammer.
Next, I reached out to reverb to ask what my next steps were.
They told me to contact paypal.
I started a dispute on the transaction and paypal let me know
that they would contact the seller and give them 10 days to respond.
If they didn't respond, then I would automatically get a refund.
Now this is where things get really interesting.
The next morning when I woke up,
I had an email from paypal and it said that the
seller had updated the shipping info with a tracking number.
Now, when I saw this email, I thought,
huh? Maybe I am getting a gold coin. Now. Let's see.
So I plugged in the tracking number and I got this,
this piece of it made no sense to me.
Now, I will tell you guys, I was out of town so I wasn't at home.
But when it said that it was delivered,
I knew that there was no possible way
the seller's location was listed as Australia and there is no possible way he could
have gotten a pedal from Australia to my house in less than a day,
less than 24 hours.
I think another weird thing about the tracking information is that it
said it had been shipped the day before I purchased it.
How is that even possible
now to cover myself? Because I was out of town.
I did have a friend run by the house to see if there was anything there.
Because in my mind, I'm thinking, well, maybe they shipped something,
um, you know, and it got to my house that's not a package.
Um Just something with tracking info so that they can enter that in, you know,
as part of their scam.
Maybe they have some way of sending that locally.
Um And it's just part of their whole deal. So I had my buddy Trigg,
who you might remember from a Noah Guthrie vlog. I had him run by the house.
He lives in my neighborhood and there wasn't anything
there other than my regular mail and packages.
After having this info, I reached back out to paypal
again, appears that it was shipped before the order was even made.
Um, and that it hasn't been,
uh, received or anything like that.
I just wanted to see where things were at and kind of touch base with you guys on it.
Ok?
I'm gonna review your account.
Uh place you on a brief hold and I'll let you know what I see.
Um
So what what essentially without me even looking at it.
So if, if the seller has tracking information,
we will investigate that tracking information
to make sure it's legitimate.
The next morning, I had an email from paypal.
They said that my dispute had been denied
paypal.
Let me know that the item had been delivered and because of this,
that my dispute was being denied.
Now,
this is where I kind of started getting worried, to be honest.
The whole tracking info thing was weird, but I knew that it wasn't legit.
I knew that there were ways to prove that it wasn't legit.
And so that didn't worry me too much, but this was worrisome for sure.
So I reached back out to reverb to say, hey, here's where things are at
what do I do? Can you guys refund me? What's my next step?
Reverb was super helpful through this and they
told me to reach back out to paypal because
they obviously didn't look at the details of this
case and then it probably just got denied.
Um You know,
just because it said it had been delivered and they just let it go through that way.
Now this was over the weekend and I was also traveling back home.
So I thought first thing Monday morning, I'll reach back out to them.
I have your account pulled up here.
How
can I
help?
Great.
Um, well, I had a dispute um, that got denied and I just need to see about getting that
um,
situated.
It seemed like the details just kind of got overlooked and it, it got denied rather,
rather quickly without much consideration. So I just need to follow up on that and
Oh, sure,
definitely let me help you out on this.
And I see here that there's a tracking number,
maybe that's the reason why it got denied.
Correct? Yeah, I, I was,
I'm
checking.
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Go ahead. Sorry.
Yes, I was aware or I was told because they provided a tracking number
and then it says it was delivered. That's why it got denied. But,
um, again,
I think there's a lot of elements to this that just got ignored because of that.
Hm. I see. I'm so sorry about that, but don't worry.
Um, definitely I can,
you know, do an investigation here once I was able to invalidate the tracking number
and it was not delivered to your ship to address, I can overturn this case for you. Ok.
So check the tracking, um, it was delivered the 23rd of June.
However, there's only city and state here.
Um, were you not able to receive this tracking?
Well, no, see that, that's, that's what I mean is that the tracking
the elements of the tracking number? Like, don't,
they don't make sense like the order was from somebody in Australia.
The item was shipped
before I placed the order. It said it got to my city three hours
after
I ordered it.
Um
And
like it, it just, and, and the, the, the like I ordered this through reverb dot com,
um
They have acknowledged that the seller is fraudulent.
Um I have
um
you know, I have correspondence with them
telling me that the seller is fraudulent.
No, actually, um I can definitely tell um that this tracking number is not valid.
Uh The transaction date was the 22nd,
your tracking number. It was shipped out the 21st of June.
So definitely that doesn't check out.
Um
Don't worry,
sorry if this was overlooked, but I got you on this.
Ok.
Thank you.
Also, the dispute amount here was not accurate.
Um It, the the transaction was $1220.40
but the dispute amount doesn't have the 40 cents. I'll also have this, um, corrected
and, um, if you allow me a minute or two, I'll get back to you.
My heart is beating so fast right now.
The kind of thing where it's like, you know, it's a fraudulent thing.
You know, it's a scam but
trying to prove it to someone who, you know, doesn't want to lose money like paypal.
Um, it just,
you know,
you never know until you see that money back in your account.
Hi. Thank you so much for patiently waiting. So there you go.
I have good news.
Um I have successfully reopened the case and closed it in your favor.
You should also receive an email about this.
A full refund of $1220.40
will go back to your card
and uh it might take 3 to 5 business days up to one billing cycle to reflect.
And I have also, um, updated the dispute amount so that it's gonna be the full amount.
Ok. Ok, great. Thank you so so much.
Yes,
I think there are two big lessons here. One is that if it seems too good to be true,
it probably is.
I knew that this was a risk. I knew that it could be a scam but I went for it anyways.
I knew that I was protected by paypal and Reverb and both of them were
super helpful in getting me a refund and helping me get it figured out.
The second lesson is, is that scammers are going to scam,
whether you're buying things through Reverb or
ebay or Facebook or however there are people
out there who are going to try to scam you in one way or another.
This to me was pretty impressive.
Actually, the whole, I mean, essentially mail fraud
saying that they had something delivered to my house and it wasn't.
Um,
you know, that definitely threw me for a loop and went beyond what I anticipated.
I also say that a lot of people hate on Reverb
and paypal and ebay for the fees that they charge.
But in paying those fees, you get protection.
So whether you're buying or selling
those companies will protect your transactions so that
if somebody does try to scam you,
you can get your money back, that's gonna do it for this video.
If you enjoyed it, please consider subscribing and hitting that like button.
Both of those are two easy ways to help the channel.
All right, until next time I'll see you out there.